they're very close apparently food
gorilla manners they actually grant and
let them know you're coming
[Music]
yes just what are the most fantastic
moments of my life
I don't believe I'm sitting here
surrounded by a group prepared in
fritters right it's not me it's the
silverback
the silverback is the focal point of the
whole family group he's incredibly
impressive they can weigh as much as 200
kilos no wonder he's so self-assured
but the young males really like to show
off I try using some gorilla talk
being keeps by of gorillas ethics of
privilege that's one way of showing me
who's boss there's a level on which we
clearly understand each other one eight
to another this is my first ever
encounter with mountain gorillas but
when I look at them I see an immediate
connection like chimps their curiosity
their closed families their expressive
eyes are all very much like ours they're
the largest member of our family but we
both share a common ancestor that was no
bigger than a mouse so how did we come
to be as we are